[connect-tcp] Discuss how to apply PvD configuration (#3435)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-connect-tcp.md

## Clients

> Clients that support both classic HTTP CONNECT proxies and template-driven TCP proxies MAY accept both types via a single configuration string:

Reviewer: I don't think this is a good suggestion. It may lead to ambiguities - especially given that some other proxy techniques (CONNECT-UDP) also leverage identical URI template.

I would suggest something along the following lines:

```suggestion
Clients that support both classic HTTP CONNECT proxies and template-driven TCP proxies SHOULD have proxy type explicitly configured. Client configured with the HTTP CONNECT proxy hostname MAY use a discovery mechanism described in {{Section 2.1 of ?I-D.ietf-intarea-proxy-config=PVD-PROXY-CONFIG}}.
```

If you insist on encouraging a single configuration string, I would slightly adjust the final bullet as suggested below

Author: I think configuration via a single string is extremely valuable.  There is already a maze of system-level configuration mechanisms and user interfaces that can pass an HTTP proxy string.  These mechanisms are unlikely to ever be updated to incorporate the proposed metadata tag, so we should plan to use them as-is.

Reviewer 2: Practically, I'm assuming that if there is a string input field for configuring a proxy, one would generally need to assume it is going to be the legacy HTTP CONNECT. I certainly think we can say "if you enter a string that looks like a CONNECT-TCP template, then a system that knows about CONNECT-TCP needs to use this spec.", but have a warning that entering that on systems that don't know about it may lead to failures to use the proxy.

* If the configuration string is a valid URI Template containing the required variables, it represents a template-driven TCP proxy.
* Otherwise the client attempts to parse it as representing a classic HTTP CONNECT proxy.

> * Additionally, both types of proxies can be discovered using proxy provisioning domains {{?I-D.ietf-intarea-proxy-config}} if the input is a URI or represents a proxy of the other type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Additionally, both types of proxies can be discovered using a mechanism specified in {{Section 2.1 of ?I-D.ietf-intarea-proxy-config=PVD-PROXY-CONFIG}} as long as configuration string contains a hostname.
```

Author: The intent here is not to limit PvD use to HTTPS records.  Hosting multiple distinct proxies on a hostname and avoiding revealing their presence to unauthorized clients are key motivations for this draft, and hostname-based configuration is incompatible with these goals.

A single string input can support a wide range of configuration starting points that lead to PvD.  Even an IP address could be used, in combination with `.well-known/pvd`.  The most flexible (and in my view best) option would be a full "https://" URL for the PvD JSON.  The purpose of this line is to remind implementers that they can support all of these things without redesigning their configuration input system.
